welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're gonna round out the melt horror
sub genre with the exploitation film
body melt if you find eating healthy to
be equivalent to losing all your skin
you may consider subscribing to the
channel let's get to it
we open on a commercial for vimeoville
promising nourishment and
sensational pleasure through vitamin
therapy the company also offers a
leisure center for rejuvenation at this
center we see the ceo shawn
and ryan getting themselves revitalized
which is an oily process
turns out ryan is the head chemist and
is suspected of trying to expose their
dark secrets
the injection is to ensure he never does
although it'll take some time to take
hold and
in the meantime they intend to just let
him run wild i guess
his intent is to go to their human
testing ground pebble court
in holmesville and muck things up
unfortunately despite ripping down the
road he's not able to get there before
his neck starts splitting open and he
makes it to the cul-de-sac just in time
to eject himself through the windscreen
where we see his glands giving a little
how do before subsiding the detective
arrives and they find evidence of his
chemical influence
as his recording identifies the first
stage of overdose to be hallucinations
this is consistent with paul's
experience
as a certified vitamin head he goes to
the airport where he may be
hallucinating or he may just be in
australia we're not sure yet although
the evidence does become stronger as
time goes on
meanwhile his neighbors geno and sal are
driving out to the health farm preparing
to relax make a couple deposits to the
old sperm bank and get paid
however they're forced to pull into a
rural body shop for a replacement
windscreen
pud the proprietor offers to fix up
their car while they enjoy some brekkies
and before long they find themselves
engaging in rural fun
which apparently involves stoning a
kangaroo and eating its adrenal gland
and celebrating with some donuts except
sal sal's been picking up on some strong
vibes and decides to pursue this
opportunity meanwhile we see the
detectives are heading out to the health
farm tracking down a lead based on
evidence found in the car
elsewhere gina was invited into the
inner sanctum of the house where we see
evidence that pud was involved with
vimeville in the early days
and sal is outside learning about the
thin line between pleasure and pain
alerted by his screams gino makes a run
for it but finds the truck is actually
set up for donuts only
no straight line driving meanwhile the
cops begin their questioning of sean who
plays dumb claiming to not know ryan and
have no knowledge of pebble court she's
a simple vitamin pusher concerned only
with people's general health and
well-being
the next day we see paul back at it
dosing up and staring into the mailbox
of his soul
through this journey of self-discovery
he remembers that his hallucinations
spent some time last night
gently coaxing out one of his ribs for
her collection before finding closure on
this we had transitioned to the new
neighbors
cheryl and brian being told to call the
police if paul ever shows up so they can
question him
cheryl then goes in for a checkup with
her psycho doctor babies are the
ultimate parasite who is a part of the r
d branch of vimeoville
he recommends a slowdown of the testing
but sean is reluctant to slow up when
they're so close
dr carrera then gets a call from an old
friend inducing a bout of nostalgia and
confirming that connection
cheryl then meets the nobles off to a
holiday at the health farm and then
continues unpacking
however she overexerts herself and
experiences a disturbance that prompts
her to call in dr herrera for an assist
before he arrives brian comes home and
stops her in a moment of desperation a
decision he immediately regrets as his
spawn springs forth and forces its way
down his gullet with the police now
asking questions and the walls closing
in the doctor decides to go scorched
earth and save them all
emission impossibles his way into paul's
house
but finds his two latest paul's face is
already blooming
meanwhile the nobles arrive at the
health farm where they find all their
needs attended to
and while the squares hit the universal
machines brandon gets his exercise by
shredding on satan's half pipe despite
his obvious mastery of the sport
helmets are always advisable in the
evening his parents assume he's just
camping out
as he helplessly suffers and dies the
detectives arrive at paul's house the
next day and find evidence he wasn't
alone in that he's holding a stranger's
ear and there's a vial nearby with dr
carrera's name on it john's test group
is now down to just the noble family
but their urine is looking impeccable
unfortunately her excited message is
left in the care of the detectives now
finding a solid connection between her
dr carrera and pebble court in
celebration of cracking the case wide
open detective phillips orders them a
chopper so they can zoom over to the
health farm in style
while this happens we see the doctor
visiting his old partner and it turns
out pud
knew the serum was only half done and
required a stabilizing element to avoid
catastrophic breakdown
and then he gives it to him back at the
clinic sean seems to think more pills
is the answer to her pill problem and
mrs noble walks in to find tom in the
bathroom
molting they run for help to find shawno
unable to take their complaints
and demonstrating that really this whole
fiasco is a self-correcting problem if
they're all taking the pills
dr carrera arrives on scene first and is
too busy gloating over sean's remains to
notice the police
when he does he takes his own life and
then the authorities worked tirelessly
to shut down the company the movie then
ends after tying up one loose end as
brian melts in the detective's office
which they treat like an emergency but
is really just a waiting game
and then we see that their attempts at a
recall were not quite thorough enough
body melt follows in the fine tradition
of going for the grimy gold when
exploring matters of melting bodies
i'd still put it a little bit behind
street trash but feel it's an incredibly
strong entry into such a small and
specific sub genre if you enjoyed the
video
i'd love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
watching